range-module, Hard
maximum-points-after-enemy-battles, Med.
maximize-subarray-sum-after-removing-all-occurrences-of-one-element, Hard
manhattan-distances-of-all-arrangements-of-pieces, Hard
count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle, Med.
stamping-the-grid, Hard
random-pick-with-weight, Med.
candy-crush, Med.
alice-and-bob-playing-flower-game, Med.
distribute-candies-among-children-iii, Hard
distribute-candies-among-children-i, Easy
distribute-candies-among-children-ii, Med.
find-longest-special-substring-that-occurs-thrice-ii, Med.
existence-of-a-substring-in-a-string-and-its-reverse, Easy
find-the-sum-of-subsequence-powers, Hard
find-x-value-of-array-i, Med.
find-x-value-of-array-ii, Hard
lru-cache, Med.
web-crawler-multithreaded, Med.
insert-delete-getrandom-o1, Med.
snapshot-array, Med.
design-add-and-search-words-data-structure, Med.
remove-invalid-parentheses, Hard
task-scheduler, Med.
next-permutation, Med.
scramble-string, Hard
web-crawler, Med.
design-a-text-editor, Hard
task-scheduler-ii, Med.
4sum, Med.
edit-distance, Med.
design-circular-queue, Med.
prefix-and-suffix-search, Hard
special-binary-string, Hard
design-bounded-blocking-queue, Med.
cherry-pickup-ii, Hard
design-memory-allocator, Med.
You will receive a stream of data. For each item, return the minimum absolute difference between any two elements among the last K elements in the stream.
implement Binary search tree - and find rank of the new insert element

/// system coding

== problem 1 == 
== problem 2 ==
==== problem 3 === 
 log-structured storage and related topics like LSM

///
HLD
- You need to build scp from machine 1 to machine 2  -> For huge File like of 1TB size.
- Design a scalable and fault-tolerant data collection system that can collect logs and data from various sources (eg, application servers, tailing a file etc.) and route them to different destinations (e.g., Elasticsearch, Kafka, S3) for further processing and analysis.
-  Design a system similar to LinkedIn Connections that can answer the query: "How many levels (or degrees) of connection exist between two users?" For example, direct connections are 1st-degree, friends of friends are 2nd-degree, and so on. The system should efficiently handle up to 1 billion users.
- design a backup system
- design data deduplication service
- designing an FTP or Rsync-like system. The focus was mostly around core philosophies like fault tolerance and performance.
- message queue: buiding a design component for messaging b/w services like Kafka, Rabbit MQ, along with HLD we also discussed the API design and pseudo code for API implementation logic for api's to be used b/w publishers and subscribers